#Leader Descriptions#

POLITICS_GEORGIY_STARK_DESC:0 "Born of Scottish-Swedish ancestry, Georgiy Stark is a strange outsider to Russia. Despite this, he has slowly risen through the ranks as a more and more relevant officer, peaking in commanding power as he sent several fleets into the Sea of Japan against Japanese battleship, winning several decisive victories for the Russian Empire, and becoming Governor-General of the Yakutian Governorate, which then unified into the Far-Eastern General Governorate, and through a bloody civil war, managed to continue existing as a rump governorate, now in all but name existing once more as Yakutia. Georgiy Stark, an ambitious admiral with a strong legacy behind him, the commander and leader of all Far-Eastern naval forces, the great protector of the Admiralty, has much to handle in the future, as he realizes many in his realm are unhappy with his Thassalocracy. Perhaps in the eyes of Stark, these detractors will never succeed, but they continue to grow stronger..."
POLITICS_PAVEL_KSENOFONTOV_DESC:0 "There is a tale among Russian colonists in Sakha, the holy realm of the Yakut peoples, that a man with slanted eyes and gentle demeanor, but a restless and unending amount of energy heard in 1918 that the Bolsheviks had taken over Yakutsk. And that this man asked his local town; \"Have they uncompromisingly promised to give total independence to the peoples of the holy Sakha?\" and when given conflicting answers, he swore by the sword and by his horse that he'd fight them to the death until he'd achieve a free Yakutia. These days are long gone - he is an older man, he has learned the art of being cautious: Instead of terrorism, he decided on simple, irreverent and consistent, unending advocacy for the Yakut peoples and their survival, along with total birthing of their national conscious. Despite this, his chances of achieving an independent Yakutia seemed far too impossible and unsustainable - and then, he realized on a rainy and snowy night; Perhaps the true path is one of compromise, one of understanding. He decided that the future was to create a pluralist society, where all could be welcome, where all would be free to express themselves, without fear of ethnic or cultural repression. And so, after restless work, this dream has been achieved."
POLITICS_ALEXSEY_GRISHIN_DESC:0 "Aleksey Nikolaevich Grishin-Almazov is tired. He has always lived a life of luxury, from his birth in Tambov to his current life and residence in his dacha nearby Novosibirsk, but far away enough to not be near the center of the city. An astute traveler, he used his wealth to travel from the Holy Amur to the very edges of the Zheltorossiyan territory, beyond the city of Harbin. However, his life as a wealthy socialite and young, charismatic man had faded into nothing once he'd heard that Holy Russia had befallen into great conflict - perhaps a Sacred War in the name of it's independence. Regardless, Russia, his motherland and place of birth, had come out inconclusive in said war - losing several territories but managing to evade any kind of reparations or treaties. The nationalist in him calls it a victory; the pragmatist, though, calls it a stalemate. Yet, through all this, he had managed to keep his comfortable position in Russian life, and yet again his dreams of finding peace were gone, as he heard once more that Russia had fallen to conflict, to drown herself in blood of her children once more. In the end, after a violent guerilla war across the Siberian wastes, from Kamchatka to Tomsk City, He had served for Holy Russia once more, and so Kolchak, her servant and most loyal protector, requested that he protect Siberia's general-governorate, and so was proclaimed Governor-General. Now, he sits in his dacha with relative comfort, unaware of the future that trembles with chaos ahead of him..."
POLITICS_YEVGENIY_KOLOSOV_DESC:0 "From what many have been told, there are none as devoted to the people's cause as him; there are none as loving of the people as Yevgeniy Kolosov. He, born into nobility, refused to accept his father's liberal convictions and influence into his life and became a sworn Bolshevik, joining every single revolutionary movement that came to appear in Russia regardless of context; a restless socialist, he'd join the Party of Socialist Revolutionaries as soon as it was known to him they existed. He, who lived always near the steppes and close to Siberia, at the edges of the Russian Empire, saw so much poverty and misery, inequalities beyond measure which subsequently radicalized him even further, this boiling upwards to Kolosov joining the Bolshevik revolt against the Tsarist regime, which resulted in him being sentenced to death. Yet, he lived like a shadow; hiding among sympathetic apartments, houses, anywhere he could find away from authorities. Any pocket of resistance regardless of where it came from; yet one thing was clear, he'd never leave his beloved Russia, for it was his beloved future, past, and present. Yet, he began to fall out with many socialists around him which fled to Zheltorossiya such as Trotskyites; Kolosov wanted something more moderate, more agrarian, more true to the Russian people. And so, he naturally revolted, and rose from the shadows, like a phoenix from the dark..."
POLITICS_VICTOR_BAYDALAKOV_DESC:0 ""